[Music]
some of our choices like what kind of
coffee to get can make or ruin just one
day of our lives
others like which door to choose to
escape from danger are a little bit more
life changing so here's a riddle about
one of the latter one morning little
Mary was trapped in a castle in Costa
Rica there were four doors but only one
led to freedom the doors opened up to
the following one lava that would
immediately melt anyone to a killer
clown that would beat any person to
death this guy looks like he just broke
free from the set of it yikes three a
deadly frost that would freeze her at
once a door to Siberia perhaps four cops
that would immediately shoot any man or
woman indiscriminately which door should
she choose alright we'll give you ten
seconds to think it over
you better give it all you got Mary's
life depends on it you know here comes
the answer Mary should pick door number
four while shooting cops don't sound
like much fun pay attention to the
wording of this option the cops would
shoot any man or woman but Mary isn't an
adult the Eiffel Tower
millions of tourists from all over the
world dream of visiting the Eiffel Tower
taking pictures in front of it giving
them the hashtags hashtag Paris
hashtag travel and even getting
well-deserved likes gatimaan pass aww
would never have taken a selfie with
that construction in the back
even if selfies had been a thing in his
lifetime why because he hated the Eiffel
Tower every day he had lunch in the one
place where it couldn't be seen what was
that place use all your knowledge of the
French capital to name that secret
location
[Music]
time's up are you ready the answer is
pure genius he ate in the restaurant
located at the base of the tower he
couldn't see the tower from there get it
a murder in the Sun it's getting hot in
here four friends regularly visited the
sauna together they always brought
something with them Jack a musician took
an iPod with him to listen to music
Steve a banker took a thermos to drink
from Patrick and Michael were lawyers
and took documents to read one day
Patrick was found dead he was killed by
a sharp object the police came
immediately and conducted an
investigation they found nothing can you
give the police a helping hand or rather
your sharp mind and explain how this
could have happened you've got ten
seconds for the task
[Music]
Patrick was killed by Steve who brought
an ice shard in his thermos the murder
weapon had melted by the time the cops
arrived how clever and cruel of him an
angry wife Pete called his wife and said
he'd be home at 8:00 he arrived at 8:05
they had no special plans but his wife
was still angry that he was late you
better not mess with an angry wife you
know can you guess why she was so mad
[Music]
time's up
the answer is pretty simple there are
two eight o'clock Sevareid a peach
should have returned at 8 p.m. but he
came home at 8:05 a.m. the next day no
wonder she got so mad a fly in the
coffee
Brenden sat in the coffee shop and found
a fly in his drink how disgusting
he asked the waitress to bring him
another coffee after receiving the new
cup and taking a sip he became angry
Brendan realized that it was the same
cup of coffee that he had had in the
first place
how did he know that it was the same cup
of coffee maybe he was a coffee expert
able to identify even the slightest
difference in taste
well in fact it doesn't take a coffee
expert to get this one right
the second coffee was already sweetened
Brendon had put sugar in his first cup
before finding the fly number six a
broken statuette John was alone at home
and heard something fall in his wife's
room he entered and saw that her
favorite statuette was broken at that
moment someone ran out of the room John
tried to catch up with a stranger went
outside the lenses on his glasses fogged
up because of the cold weather he could
see nothing
giving the stranger the opportunity to
disappear John told this story to a
policeman but he refused to investigate
the case the cop asked him to stop lying
and admit that he had broken the statue
was John's story actually fake or was
the policeman too lazy to start a proper
investigation we'll give you ten seconds
to figure it out
[Music]
the truth is that John story was fake
after all John ran out into the street
while chasing a stranger but eyeglass
lenses don't fog up when a person comes
out of a warm room and into the cold he
was just afraid to confess to his wife
that he had broken her favourite
statuette let's move on to more serious
stuff you've got a murder to investigate
mr. James is dead mr. James was found
dead in Israel the room had no window
and the door was locked
the only for people who had a key to the
room were questioned Sofia the maid said
I came to wake up mr. James when I saw
him dead I screamed John the butler
claimed that when I heard the scream I
ran into the room turned on the light
and saw mr. James with a knife in his
neck Sara the governess told us the
following I rushed up alongside John
when he turned on the light the room was
all bloody finally Jack the cook
reassured us that I was prepping
breakfast and didn't see anything so it
looks like all the suspects have an
alibi
or do they can you guess who killed mr.
James we'll give you 10 seconds as per
usual
[Music]
it was Sofia if the room was dark she
couldn't have seen mr. James lying there
unless she already knew it
a familiar stranger Stan met a stranger
he'd never seen before
Stan had heard about him but no
descriptions of his appearance were ever
mentioned he wasn't famous nevertheless
Stan understood immediately who the guy
was hmm
how is this possible you've got 10
seconds to unveil the mystery well some
people just look more alike than others
the guy Stan met was the twin brother of
one of his friends a closed car a man
was shot in a car there were no traces
of gunpowder on his clothes that meant
that the murderer wasn't inside the car
when he shot him there were no bullet
holes in the car in addition all of the
doors and windows were closed how could
they have killed him we give you 10
seconds to find the answer
so did you manage to crack this riddle
the man was in a convertible
the murderer shot him and then closed
the roof four men can build four tables
in four hours in this case how many
tables will eight men build in eight
hours remember that you have just 15
seconds to figure out the answer the
countdown has started was it your first
instinct to say eight tables because
that's immediately what came to my mind
but in fact the correct answer is
sixteen tables it makes sense because
eight men worked for twice as long as
four men a duck got nine dollars a
spider received 36 dollars a bee was
given 27 dollars based on this
information
how much money will a cat yet remember
that you have 15 seconds to find the
answer you might need your calculator
[Music]
have you cracked the puzzle hopefully
your knowledge of biology helped you out
the cat will get $18 because it has four
legs each animal receives $4.50 per leg
one boy says about his little brother I
was three times older than my brother
two years ago I will be twice as old as
my brother in three years how old are
the brothers right now
well 15 seconds be enough for you to
crack this math puzzle
[Music]
here's the right answer the older
brother is 17 and the younger is seven
two years ago they were 15 and five and
they will be twenty and ten in three
years from now here's an equation made
with the help of matches unfortunately
it's wrong can you make it true by
moving just one matchstick take your
time
if 15 seconds isn't enough you can pause
the video here we go you needed to turn
the first plus sign into a subtract sign
by getting rid of one matchstick voila
two minus two plus three equals three
you probably know that ants move in
groups in one such group there were two
ants in front of two ants - ants behind
two ants and two ants next to two ants
how many ants were in the group here's a
small hint you probably won't need your
calculator
even if it seems that there were lots of
ants in the group in reality there were
four they simply stood in a square
formation did you get it right then
right about your achievement in the
comments below
Nick and Sam live in different districts
of a city but they go to the same school
Sam left home 15 minutes earlier the
neck they met in the park who was closer
to school when they met you have 15
seconds to figure it out have you
cracked the riddle right the boys met in
the same place this means they are
equally far from school there are some
flowers growing in a field with some
bees flying over them how many flowers
and bees are there if both of the
following statements are true if all the
bees land on all the flowers one bee for
one flower one bee won't get a flower if
every two bees decide to share a flower
one flower will be left without a bee
that's confusing do you think you'll
manage to find the answer in 15 seconds
[Music]
if you've decided that there are four
B's and three flowers you're absolutely
right in this case hit the like button
let's see how many people nailed it when
several friends decided to play cards
they notice that a few cards had been
lost from a complete pack but they found
out that if they dealt the rest of the
cards among four people three cards
would remain if they dealt these cards
between three people two cards would
remain and if they distributed the cards
among five people again two cards would
remain how many cards were left in the
pack wow that's a task if you need some
extra time like I know I do
just pause the video and here's the
right answer there were 47 cards left in
the pack let's see if 47 is divided by
four three is left over and if 47 is
divided by either three or five two was
left over two friends mark and Timothy
were walking home from the supermarket
with their purchases it was the last
week before Christmas so they had a lot
of backs mark kept complaining about how
heavy his bags were Timothy told him I
don't understand why you're nagging if
you gave me one of your bags I would
have twice as many bags as you if I gave
you one of my bags we'd have the same
number how many bags were the guys
carrying I hope your answer will be at
the ready when your time is over
[Music]
Timothy only had seven bags while Mark
was only carrying five bags did you like
the matchstick puzzle then you're in for
one more treat you can see four matches
on the screen move just one of these
matches to form a square you have 15
seconds to figure out how to do this if
you need more time perhaps to grab real
matchsticks and practice feel free to
pause the video
are you ready then let's compare answers
you had to pay attention to the way the
matches were arranged and then think out
of the box if you move the top match up
just a little bit you'll get a square
though it's a really tiny one but there
wasn't anything about the size of the
square in the test right
[Music]
a criminal was kept in a tower that was
a hundred and fifty feet high from his
accomplice he got a pair of scissors and
a rope unfortunately the rope was just
75 feet long
despite this the next day the prison
authorities discovered that the criminal
had escaped it's known for sure that he
cut his rope in the middle how did the
criminal managed to escape take talk
you're 15 seconds have started use this
time well the criminal indeed cut the
rope in the middle
however he cut it not a cross but along
then he tied the two parts of the rope
together and safely got down to the
ground Brian and his new wife and
decided to go on a honeymoon to the
mountains Brian bought them round-trip
tickets and they set off on their
journey one day when the couple was
hiking they argued and accidentally lost
her footing and fell to her death
Brian returned home alone there he told
the police what had happened to his wife
after that the detective immediately
arrested him on suspicion of the murder
how so you have 15 seconds to crack this
puzzle
well don't you know that all accidents
have to be reported immediately to the
local police
Brian informed the police only after he
returned home a man was kidnapped and
held hostage he was trapped in a
basement until the kidnapper got the
ransom but even then the criminal was
unwilling to let the victim go despite
this he offered the man a chance to win
his freedom in the basement three doors
led outside behind the first door there
was a jungle with dangerous animals
lurking behind the trees behind the
second door there was a giant dinosaur
breathing fire and behind the third door
there was a lake with water so cold that
nobody could spend even a minute in it
which door should the man choose to
survive fifteen seconds to figure out
the answer
come on by now you should know these two
things first of all dinos didn't breathe
fire
that's what dragons do secondly
dinosaurs died out many millions of
years ago so the man should choose door
number two tom was killed at 10:00 p.m.
on a Friday in the fall a police officer
questioned four suspects about what they
were doing at that time
and got the following answers Adam was
choosing his outfit for a date daniel
was getting ready for a party at his
place
Sophia was relaxing by doing yoga before
her night shift at work Jake was
watching birds in the park after the
interview the main suspect was arrested
but who was it you have 15 seconds to
figure it out if you need more time
don't feel shy pause the video Jake was
arrested it's too dark to see Birds
outside at 10:00 p.m. in the fall when a
husband came home he knew it was late
his wife wasn't anywhere to be seen
the man undressed and went to bed but he
had difficulties falling asleep a car
passed by the window and its lights
illuminated the clock on the wall the
man saw that it was 11:15 p.m. then he
looked under the bed and found his wife
lying there dead why did the man decide
to sneak a peek under the bed will you
manage to understand his reasons in just
15 seconds
[Music]
when the light illuminated the clock the
man noticed that it had stopped but he
could still hear ticking it was the
watch on his wife's hand
just two days remains before the final
of the World Cup the goalkeeper of one
of the teams was found dead on the field
there were three suspects Michael
Ethan and John the police interviewed
the three of them and got the following
answers when the goalkeeper was killed
Michael was giving his autograph to some
pretty girls Ethan had sprained his
ankle and was getting a massage
John was taking a shower before the
training session who is the lying
murderer you have even less time than
the police to figure it out the murderer
is John it doesn't make any sense to
take a shower before a training session
on the outskirts of a town there was a
haunted house a group of friends decided
to check out if the house lived up to
its reputation they went there at night
but as soon as they reached their
destination
one of the friends refused to go inside
and he tried to stop the others but they
just laughed at him and went inside
leaving him behind there were terrible
crashing sounds from the house and then
everything went still the guy who stayed
outside never saw his friends again how
did the men understand that there was
something seriously wrong with the house
do you know the answer already
or do you need to mull it over in any
case you have 15 seconds to do so
the guy who stayed behind was very
attentive he noticed that there were
lots of footprints leading toward the
house but none going away one beautiful
sunny morning
a vampire woke up pretty early and went
to the bathroom to shake he was in the
middle of the process when he saw in the
mirror that he'd cut himself he had to
go and look for his first aid kit what's
wrong with this story um where shall we
start
vampires reflections don't show up in
mirrors a detective suspected a man of
being a gold smuggler so he organized an
ambush at the airport as soon as the man
got to customs he was stopped he had
only one suitcase what it was open the
authorities only found a few personal
belongings the detective had to let the
man go however as soon as the man took
his suitcase and headed for the exit
the detective realized that the man was
carrying gold can you figure it out as
quickly as the detective dead
since they were just a few things in the
suitcase the man could carry with these
however he used both hands to deal with
his luggage this means that there was
gold hidden somewhere inside there are
three neighbors who live in houses that
are situated very close to each other
the police know for sure that one of the
neighbors committed a robbery
it happened half an hour ago but all the
men insist they were at home in the
robbery took place which of them is life
remember that you have just 15 seconds
to discover who the robber is the
countdown is starting now the robber is
the man who lives in the house on the
left as you can see the ground under the
green and purple cars is dry at the same
time there's a puddle under the red car
this means that its owner arrives home
fairly recently yesterday Nick fell from
a ladder that was 30 feet high but he
didn't get hurt how is this possible you
have ten seconds to find the answer was
the guy a gymnast or what
in fact anyone could stay unharmed even
you if like Nick you fell from the
bottom stair Brian gets trapped on an
uninhabited island whoa the place is
covered with forest once lightning sets
the forest on a terrible fire there's
also a strong wind blowing from the West
that makes the fire move fast destroying
everything on its way if nothing
intervenes the fire will burn all the
island and kill the man Brian can't find
shelter in water as the island is
surrounded by cliffs so jumping would
mean immediate death oh my
how can Brian survive without any means
such as buckets to put the fire out
that's a tricky life-or-death situation
ten seconds to help Brian to survive
Brian needs to light a piece of wood
using the fire on the west side of the
island then he has to run quickly to the
east side and start a new fire there
while the wind blows to the west it will
make the fire burn out the east end of
the island so Brian will survive staying
there the main challenge for him will be
not to inhale too much smoke and to find
something to eat after the fire take 9
from 16 10 from nine fifty from 40 and
you'll have six left well this makes no
sense unless 10 seconds to solve the
riddle
the answer will become obvious as soon
as you use Roman numerals si X minus 9i
x equals sex
9i X minus 10 x equals I 40 XL minus 50
L equals x you put them together SI X
you get it which state is the Bay of
Bengal in employ all your knowledge of
geography and find the answer 10 9 8
[Music]
well we've cheated you you don't need
any geography to answer this question
wherever it is the Bay of Bengal is in
its liquid state
hey what is the logic in the order of
the following words fun blue be more
dive pics barren date shrine then oh
that's a question can you understand
this twisted logic
actually this not heart is all as soon
as you pronounce these words one by one
you'll immediately notice that every
word rhymes with a number that specifies
its numerical order fun 1 blue 2 B 3 and
so on imagine that you get stuck in a
weird place there's two doors leading
out of this place one door is the door
of death the other an ordinary one
leading to freedom
this place is secured by two guards one
of them always tells the truth well the
other lies in 100% of the cases of
course and you don't know which one is
honest and which one tries to cheat you
all the time however you're allowed to
ask any of the guards just one question
to get out of there what would you ask
be careful your life depends on your
answer
10 seconds to figure it out so you
should ask the following question if I
ask your partner which door led to
freedom
what would he answer this is the only
correct question if you ask it to the
guard who always tells the truth he'll
tell you that the other guard will point
at the door leading to death if the
person you asked turns out to be the
lion guard it will direct you being the
liar that he is to the door of death as
well so whoever you ask you will know
that they will inform you about the door
of death just choose the other one and
run away two baby girls are born to one
mother in the same year and month on the
same day at the same time however they
are not twins how is it possible you
have 10 seconds to solve this mystery
the answer is pretty simple these baby
girls are 2 of a triplet set and dead of
course just fainted somebody please get
him off the floor a donkey passes the
same distance every day but surprisingly
two of his legs travel 30 miles and the
other 231 miles the donkey is healthy
and perfectly fine how is such situation
possible obviously two legs of the
donkey can't get one mile ahead 10
seconds to find the solution the donkey
is tied to the post and moves in circles
around it that's why his outer legs
travel more than the inner ones can you
say 4 days starting with a letter T now
that can't be too hard at first sight
10 seconds to figure it out well the
first two are obvious Tuesday and
Thursday but don't forget about today
and tomorrow as well and then there's my
favorite Saturday there's three doors in
front of you you have to go through one
of them no cheating
behind the first door a fire is raging a
gunman is lurking behind the second one
behind the third one there's a lion that
hasn't eaten for 3 years
what door will you choose oh that's a
tough choice but you have the whole of
10 seconds to decide
and here's the trap lions can survive
for one or two weeks without food but
since it's been three years since the
animals last meal
it's probably long dead this way the
door with the lion behind it will be
probably the safest option a man lives
on the 17th floor
he only rides the elevator to his own
floor when it's raining outside
or when one of his neighbor's rides it
with him if the weather is sunny or he's
alone in the elevator
he only rides as far as the ninth floor
and goes the rest of the way up the
stairs why
[Music]
the answer is clear this man is very
short he can only reach button 17 in the
elevator with an umbrella or with the
help of a neighbor if it is raining at
12 a.m. could you expect sunny weather
in 72 hours
[Music]
curious to know the answer no you can't
expect sunny weather because it will be
night again in 72 hours and there can be
no Sun in the sky several people were
asked to jump over a pencil that was
placed on the floor but none of them can
do it
why
[Music]
here is the answer the pencil was placed
next to a wall
how should you throw a tennis ball for
it to fly back to you
[Music]
have you figured out the answer it's
easy throw a tennis ball upwards you see
a girl sitting but you can't sit in her
place
even if she stands up and leaves where
is she sitting she is sitting on your
lap a man was tossing and turning in bed
and couldn't fall asleep then he took
his phone dialed a number listened to a
few long tones put down the phone and
finally went to sleep why wasn't he able
to do that before
[Music]
here's the answer his next door neighbor
was snoring loudly but awoke to the ring
of his phone
a hotel has seven floors there are four
people on the ground floor and each
floor has two more people on it than the
previous one which floor calls the
elevator
most often do you have any idea yet the
ground floor
in Africa Nike has encountered a problem
a lot of their sneakers were stolen from
the factory what did the company do to
prevent theft without spending money on
security nike built another factory and
then began manufacturing left and right
sneakers separately now try to figure
this one out
when do we look at the number two but
say ten the answer is obvious when we
look at an analogue watch George
Washington Sherlock Holmes William
Shakespeare Ludwig von Beethoven
Napoleon Bonaparte and Nero who is
significantly different from all the
rest
[Music]
of course it's Sherlock Holmes because
he is the only fictional character
little patience of a Children's Hospital
loved to play with adorable teddy bears
that the administration gave them these
kids liked the toys so much that they
often took them home how did the
hospital administration resolve this
issue the solution was really thoughtful
all the bears were bandaged and the kids
were told that the toys should stay at
the hospital to get better at the dawn
of cinema one American movie theaters
profits began to go south the viewers
were annoyed with the ladies who didn't
take off their hats in the auditorium
blocking the view of the screen what was
the cheap and effective solution by the
theater administration
here's the answer they posted a notice
on the door of the theater saying we
kindly request that all ladies take off
their hats during the movie this does
not apply to old ladies there are two
books on the same shelf in a scientist
cabinet one book has 230 pages the other
one has 325 pages how many pages are
there between the first page of the
first book and the last page of the
second book any idea there are only the
covers of the two books between these
pages look carefully at this picture who
will be knocked off
[Music]
here is the answer D will be hit on the
head by the rolling ball C will be
smashed by the spikes when that same
ball rolls onto the swing and B will be
hit in turn by the counterweight ball
thrown up and forward by the swing take
a very close look at these two
photographs what is the mistake they
have in common if you still can't figure
it out let's turn the photos upside down
it looks horrible right the eyes and
lips of both women are upside down but
your brain doesn't recognize that
immediately the thing is the brain is
not used to seeing eyes and lips in that
position there is another interesting
experiment some people can turn their
tongues upside down
good hit the like button if you are one
of them if you can do it and touch the
left side of your tongue it will sense
the touch from the opposite side because
evolution never taught the brain to read
the sensations on the tongue in that
position earth with how many holes does
this t-shirt half what mine oh oh the
one on the screen never mind
[Music]
the question doesn't specify which holes
exactly so the right answer is 8
they are the neckline to sleeves the
bottom of the t-shirt and four holes in
the middle two in the front and two in
the back because we can see the
background through them how would you
name this tree
[Music]
right the names that came to your mind
in the comments section below but the
actual challenge was to notice the
camouflaged bird on the trick if you did
well done can you manage this one in
five seconds I'll give you twenty
seconds but try to solve it as fast as
possible
[Music]
the mistake is not in the numbers or
their colors the mistake is that the
word spot appears twice your brain
doesn't always show you the reality it
often shows what it is used to
there are many short texts on the
internet that have repeating words that
most people don't notice until they
finish the text and read the description
if you have bad eyes you might have
noticed that things most often words you
couldn't see from a distance become
clearer when somebody tells you what's
written there it's not that your eyes
became better
it's your brain completes the picture do
you see a hidden baby that's not mine
either
[Music]
if you follow the thin branches of the
tree you will see the outline of a baby
in the fetal position its feet and toes
are on the right side of the picture
arms are in the middle and head is on
the left one more thing it's good that
he doesn't have teeth because his bark
is better than his bite which line is
longer
[Music]
of course line a is longer that's so
obvious right
well not for everybody or rather not
always there was a research on
conformity that looked like this
five people were asked which of two
lines was longer the answer was always
simple but four of the tested people
were asked to lie so technically there
was only one real subject the people
lied very convincingly so the subject
didn't want to stand out and gave the
wrong answer the same phenomenon can be
illustrated with jokes if you're in a
group of people and somebody tells a
joke that everybody finds funny you will
laugh too even if you don't get it or
don't think it's funny well maybe not
you but approximately 75 percent of
people do so of course everybody laughs
at my jokes right liars
can you spot Mike Wazowski
[Music]
there is green but still very different
two people are playing chess they played
five games but according to the results
each player scored three wins how could
this happen are you ready to find out
the answer well this one was pretty easy
this could happen only under one
condition they did not play against each
other life is like a box of chocolates
no wait that's a different story here we
go this one is from an American 12 year
old student math worksheet there are 50
chocolate candies in the box thirty of
them come with a caramel filling 25 with
coconut ten of them are two flavoured
candies with caramel and coconut and the
rest of them are just chocolate candies
with no filling so which diagram
reflects the box of chocolates correctly
[Music]
the answer is diagram B it's just some
simple math how many caramel candies are
there in the box 30 minus 10 equals 20
and how many coconut candies are there
25 minus 10 equals 15 now you can find
out how many plain chocolate candies
were in the Box 50 minus 20 plus 15 plus
10 equals 5 okay just one more math task
here we go a bottle of water
and a bar of chocolate cost $11
chocolate costs $10 more than water
how much does water cost you're tapping
your pencil there aren't you yeah time's
up
if you don't understand why we gave you
20 seconds for this task when the answer
is obvious
think again here's another equation let
the bottle of water cost X dollars then
X plus X plus 10 equals 11 2x equals 1 X
10 equals 0.5 so one bottle of water
costs 50 cents and the chocolate is
$10.50
all right your task is to figure out
what letter in this row is missing and
go this is a row of letters that lists
the first letters of the days of the
week from Monday to Sunday so the
missing letter is T many people think
there is some kind of pattern but the
last two letters are the same so it
confuses everyone liked this video if
you agree yeah as it confuses me no this
is not a religious question how many
holes does this t-shirt half
the right answer is eight two holes for
the sleeve one for the neck and one more
for the body and four new holes the
thing is we can see the background
through the holes which mean there are
two more in the back on November 24th
1971 a man calling himself Dan Cooper
bought a plane ticket in Seattle shortly
after the 727 jet took off Cooper showed
the flight attendant his briefcase
claiming that there was a bomb inside
and that he was hijacking the plane
after that he demanded $200,000 and four
parachutes two primary ones and two
reserves when the plane landed in
Seattle the police had the parachutes
and money brought to the hijacker once
he got what he asked for he let the
passengers go and ordered the plane to
take off again a bit later while the
aircraft was in flight
Cooper parachuted out of it somewhere
over the force of Washington State this
incident actually happened and to this
day people have no idea who this man
really was and what happened to him
after the hijacking so the question is
simple why did Cooper ask for two
primary parachutes and not just one you
have 15 seconds to figure it out you
think you know the answer it's actually
not that hard
according to US laws at that time
hijacking a plane was a crime punishable
by death
dan Cooper knew that there was a high
probability that the police would give
him a faulty parachute he demanded two
primary ones so that the police would
think that he was going to take a
hostage with him and his plan worked of
course the police couldn't risk an
innocent persons life so they gave
Cooper two perfectly functioning
parachutes
case closed well not yet
imagine that you're a highly sought
after expert in your field and two
amazing companies have offered you a job
sounds like a dream come true doesn't it
hmm not so fast
because now you have to make a choice
both companies are offering you a
starting wage of 180 thousand dollars a
year however if everything goes well the
first company is willing to give you a
$20,000 raise every year the second
company will give you a $5,000 raise
every six months which offer would you
choose you have 15 seconds to weigh your
options what do you think the first
company is obviously better right wrong
if you chose the second company Congrats
you definitely know how to rake in more
cash let's break it down and see what
you'd come out with after three years in
each company in the first company you'd
have $180,000 after the first year then
$200,000 in the second year and $220,000
in the third year adding it all together
makes $600,000 for three years now for
the second company for the first six
months you'll get $90,000 then you'll
get $95,000 for the second half of the
first year
the first half of year two will bring
you $100,000 and the second half one
hundred and five thousand dollars
finally you'll get paid 110 thousand
dollars for the first half of the third
year and 115 thousand dollars for the
second half add it all together and
you've got six hundred fifteen thousand
dollars in this case your out-of-the-box
thinking has given you an extra fifteen
thousand dollars a year huh nice this
story happened a long long time ago
before we had modern conveniences like
electricity and gadgets a baker
decided to make a cake for his
daughter's birthday according to the
recipe it should stay in the oven for
exactly 15 minutes but here's the catch
the Baker's old clock broke and he
didn't have time to find a new one his
daughter would be home in just a half an
hour and he wanted to surprise her with
her lovely homemade cake the only thing
he had was to hourglasses
one of which was for seven minutes and
the other was for 11 minutes the Baker
was a very smart man and still managed
to make one of the most delicious cakes
ever he even did it before his daughter
got home so how did he pull that off to
bake the perfect cake he turned both of
the hourglasses upside down
when all the sand from the top part of
the 7-minute glass had fallen through it
was time to put the cake in the oven
after four minutes when the sand from
the top part of the 11-minute glass had
emptied out as well the Baker simply
turned that glass upside down once again
for another 11 minutes four minutes on
the first turning and eleven minutes on
the second make the 15 minutes he needed
see easy as pie
I mean piece of cake a thief decided to
rob the local bank he came up with a
brilliant plan to dress up as one of the
bank tellers and try to sneak into the
vault as he was approaching the vault he
saw a security guard standing right in
front of the door the robber hadn't
anticipated this so he hid and watched
the guard carefully when one of the
actual bank tellers walked up to the
door the security guard said 12:00 the
worker answered 6:00 and got in then
another teller came up to the vault when
the security guard said six the person
answered three and was granted access
oh I've totally got this thought the
thief and he nonchalantly walked up to
the security guard when the guard said
ten the robber confidently answered five
he was arrested immediately so why was
the thief's answer wrong and what should
he have answered instead your 15 seconds
start now any ideas the correct response
has to do with the number of the letters
in the word 12 has six letters so the
answer is six six in turn has three
letters so the answer is three as for
ten well you can see by now that the
robber should have said three looks like
he wasn't as brilliant as he thought but
once again crime doesn't pay
there once was a baron who had gone
broke and lost all his fortune the only
thing he had was his two daughters Elsa
and Gerda Elsa was drop-dead gorgeous
while Gerda was smart as a whip now
where did that expression come from
smart as a whip
normally whipping things or people is
bad and not all that smart however I
digress
back to the story the ruler of a nearby
kingdom fell in love with beautiful Elsa
and invited her to dinner in his palace
Elsa decided to bring her clever sister
along the ruler was old and ugly and he
knew that he had no chance of winning
else's heart he also knew that Gerda
really loved riddles and decided to risk
everything by striking a deal with his
sisters the agreement went like this
the old man would tie back each of the
sisters hair with either a red or gold
ribbon they could both get matching
ribbons or different ones the girls
couldn't give any signals hints or
phrases to help the other guess the
color of their ribbon they would dine in
silence in a room with no mirrors after
dinner was over he would ask each of the
sisters what color ribbon was in her
hair if they both guessed correctly
they'd go home with all the gold and
jewels they could carry if one of them
guessed correctly the ruler would give
the winning sister a pearl necklace and
finally if neither of them guessed
correctly he would marry Elsa wow this
is so like let's make a deal Goethe
talked it over with her sister and they
both agreed to play needless to say Elsa
was saved from such an unpleasant
marriage but how did Goethe find a way
to win now it's your turn to do the
guessing you've got 15 seconds
[Music]
this one is still a mystery to us did
you manage to crack it then please leave
your answer in the comments below maybe
together we can finally figure out
exactly how goethe outsmarted the old
boy your task is the following empty one
jar of milk and one jar of water into a
ball oh wait you couldn't think this
would be that simple
there are several conditions you must be
able to differentiate between the milk
and the water you can separate the milk
from the water
and finally you aren't allowed to use
any kinds of dividers to keep these two
liquids apart wow that's a task even
Cinderella didn't have to deal with will
you be able to figure out how to
separate the inseparable 20 seconds for
you to do this
[Music]
in fact all you need to do is the pour
the water into the ball first and freeze
it then after that just add the milk and
then you have milk on the rocks there's
a magician famous for the tricks he
performs one of such tricks is staying
under the water for 10 minutes however
one day John smart challenges the
magician saying that he will stay under
the water for two minutes longer to say
that the magician is surprised to say
nothing he accepts the bet and promises
John to give him $5,000 if he does beat
the record
all in all John wins and gets his money
how does he manage to do this do you
think that John could be practicing not
to breathe underwater since childhood or
perhaps he's an amphibian what's your
idea you have 20 seconds to make up your
mind
[Music]
well to tell you the truth John was
cheating just a bit
he took a glass filled it with water and
held it over his head for 12 minutes yep
always read the fine print on the
contracts you saw Sam Princeton is so
unhappy with his life so frustrated with
his boss picking at him and so angry
with himself for being too weak to leave
his job and start a new life that he
shoots himself right between his eyes in
the bathroom the bullets are real the
revolver is real as well
[Music]
however in just a second Sam goes out of
the bathroom alive and unharmed how is
it possible hmm that's not a piece of
cake or perhaps you've already figured
it out if not you still have 20 seconds
to use the thing is that Sam didn't
shoot at his real self he shot his
reflection in the mirror
in the city where people are keen on
brain teasers and riddles 4% of people
don't list their phone numbers so if we
select 40 random people from the phone
directory how many of them will have
unlisted numbers oops
seems you'll have to apply some
knowledge of mathematics here 20 seconds
to refresh everything you've ever
learned
[Music]
the answer may make you indignant you've
opened your math school books after all
but it's zero percent if the numbers of
these 40 people are in the phone
directory
they are already listed by default you
have 7 guests at your birthday party and
you've got to figure out how to cut your
round birthday cake only 3 times to make
8 equal sized slices 7 for your guests
and 1 for you of course
times a-tickin and your guests are
waiting for their cake so get going
answer well first off you have to cut
vertically right down the middle of the
cake to make two equal pieces do the
same thing but this time horizontally to
make four slices your third and final
cut should be laterally across the cake
which will quickly turn your four slices
into eight so how'd you do on this one
and no worries he still got tons more a
blind man had been dreaming of being
able to see again for many years this
had been his biggest wish after some
time his doctor confirmed that he could
have an operation that would solve his
problem the man couldn't be happier the
surgery went well and the man took the
train to go home
the doctor allowed him to take his
bandages off three hours after the
operation so the man was so impatient
that he did this while still on the
train but as soon as he finished he
committed a suicide jumping off the
train his operation was successful so
why did he do this 20 seconds for you to
solve this mystery
[Music]
why could a man whose dream has come
true kill himself in fact it was a
tragic coincidence when the man opened
his bandages the train was going through
a dark tunnel that's why the man thought
he was still blind and killed himself
your friend asks you for a favor and
gives you five dollars asking you to buy
something to eat something to drink
something to feed his cow with and
something to plant in his garden at the
same time you're allowed to buy just one
thing what are you going to buy to eat
to drink to feed the cow and to plant
Wow doesn't your friend think that's a
little bit too much do you know the
solution to his riddle if not yet you
still have 20 seconds
[Music]
you can go and buy a watermelon you can
eat it you can drink it you can feed the
cow with the rinds and as for the
watermelon seeds you can easily plant
them in the garden once a king sentence
a man to death for a crime he had
committed however the king was a kind
man so he allowed the man to choose the
way he would prefer to die but the man
was clever and managed to say something
that saved him from the capital
punishment which death did he choose you
have only 20 seconds to figure it out
but if you need more time
don't forget you can pause the video
[Music]
well being a clever man the culprit
chose to die of old age two men are
standing on the edge of an abyss on a
wood board one of them is holding a gun
and wants to shoot the other one but if
the second guy falls down the first one
will fall into the abyss is there a
possible way for one of them to survive
who will actually die 20 seconds for you
to solve this dilemma in fact the thing
is that the answers to this riddle are
too diverse and everyone just thinks
differently so what is your idea we hate
to leave you hanging over the abyss but
hey it's what we do sometimes share your
guess is with us in the comments which
door is safe some of our choices like
what kind of coffee to get can make or
ruin just one day of our lives
others like which door to choose to
escape from danger are a little bit more
life changing so here's a riddle about
one of the latter one morning little
Mary was trapped in a castle in Costa
Rica there were four doors but only one
led to freedom the doors opened up to
the following one lava that would
immediately melt anyone to a killer
Klown that would beat any person to
death this guy looks like he just broke
free from the set of it
yikes three a deadly frost that would
freeze her at once a door to Siberia
perhaps four cops that would immediately
shoot any man or woman indiscriminately
which door should she choose
[Music]
all right we'll give you ten seconds to
think it over you better give it all you
got Mary's life depends on it you know
here comes the answer Mary should pick
door number four while shooting cops
don't sound like much fun pay attention
to the wording of this option the cops
would shoot any man or woman but Mary
isn't an adult the eiffel tower millions
of tourists from all over the world
dream of visiting the Eiffel Tower
taking pictures in front of it giving
them the hashtags hashtag Paris
hashtag travel and even getting
well-deserved likes Katy mom pass aww
would never have taken a selfie with
that construction in the back even if
selfies had been a thing in his lifetime
why because he hated the Eiffel Tower
every day
he had lunch in the one place where it
couldn't be seen what was that place use
all your knowledge of the French capital
to name that secret location
[Music]
time's up are you ready the answer is
pure genius he ate in the restaurant
located at the base of the tower he
couldn't see the tower from there get it
yeah a murder in the Sun it's getting
hot in here four friends regularly
visited the sauna together they always
brought something with them Jack a
musician took an iPod with him to listen
to music Steve a banker took a thermos
to drink from Patrick and Michael were
lawyers and took documents to read one
day
Patrick was found dead he was killed by
a sharp object the police came
immediately and conducted an
investigation they found nothing can you
give the police a helping hand or rather
your sharp mind and explain how this
could have happened you've got ten
seconds for the task
[Music]
Patrick was killed by Steve who brought
an ice shard in his thermos the murder
weapon had melted by the time the cops
arrived how clever and cruel of him an
angry wife Pete called his wife and said
he'd be home at 8:00 he arrived at 8:05
they had no special plans but his wife
was still angry that he was late you
better not mess with an angry wife you
know can you guess why she was so mad
[Music]
time's up the answer is pretty simple
there are two eight o'clock Sevareid a
peach should have returned at 8 p.m. but
he came home at 8:05 a.m. the next day
no wonder she got so mad a fly in the
coffee
Brenden sat in the coffee shop and found
a fly in his drink Oh disgusting
he asked the waitress to bring him
another coffee after receiving the new
cup and taking a sip he became angry
Brendan realized that it was the same
cup of coffee that he had had in the
first place how did he know that it was
the same cup of coffee maybe he was a
coffee expert able to identify even the
slightest difference in taste
well in fact it doesn't take a coffee
expert to get this one right
the second coffee was already sweetened
Brendon had put sugar in his first cup
before finding the fly number six a
broken statuette John was alone at home
and heard something fall in his wife's
room he entered and saw that her
favorite statuette was broken at that
moment someone ran out of the room John
tried to catch up with a stranger went
outside the lenses on his glasses fogged
up because of the cold weather he could
see nothing giving the stranger the
opportunity to disappear John told this
story to a policeman but he refused to
investigate the case the cop asked him
to stop lying and admit that he had
broken the statue was John's story
actually fake or was the policeman too
lazy to start a proper investigation
we'll give you ten seconds to figure it
out
[Music]
the truth is that John's story was fake
after all John ran out into the street
while chasing a stranger but eyeglass
lenses don't fog up when a person comes
out of a warm room and into the cold he
was just afraid to confess to his wife
that he had broken her favorite
statuette let's move on to more serious
stuff you've got a murder to investigate
mr. James is dead mr. James was found
dead in Israel the room had no window
and the door was locked
the only for people who had a key to the
room were questioned Sofia the maid said
I came to wake up mr. James when I saw
him dead I screamed
John the butler claimed that when I
heard the scream I ran into the room
turned on the light and saw mr. James
with a knife in his neck Sara the
governess told us the following I rushed
up alongside John when he turned on the
light the room was all bloody finally
Jack the cook reassured us that I was
prepping breakfast and didn't see
anything so it looks like all the
suspects have an alibi or do that can
you guess who killed mr. James we'll
give you ten seconds as per usual
[Music]
it was Sofia if the room was dark she
couldn't have seen mr. James lying there
unless she already knew it
a familiar stranger Stan met a stranger
he'd never seen before
Stan had heard about him but no
descriptions of his appearance were ever
mentioned he wasn't famous nevertheless
Stan understood immediately who the guy
was hmm how is this possible you've got
10 seconds to unveil the mystery well
some people just look more alike than
others the guy Stan met was the twin
brother of one of his friends a closed
car a man was shot in a car there were
no traces of gunpowder on his claws that
meant that the murderer wasn't inside
the car when he shot him there were no
bullet holes in the car
in addition all of the doors and windows
were closed how could they have killed
him we give you 10 seconds to find the
answer
so did you manage to crack this riddle
the man was in a convertible
the murderer shot him and then closed
the roof
four men can build four tables in four
hours in this case how many tables will
eight men build in eight hours remember
that you have just 15 seconds to figure
out the answer the countdown has started
[Music]
was it your first instinct to say eight
tables because that's immediately what
came to my mind but in fact the correct
answer is sixteen tables it makes sense
because eight men worked for twice as
long as four men a duck got nine dollars
a spider received 36 dollars ABI was
given 27 dollars based on this
information
how much money will a cat get remember
that you have 15 seconds to find the
answer you might need your calculator
[Music]
have you cracked the puzzle hopefully
your knowledge of biology helped you out
the cat will get 18 dollars because it
has four legs each animal receives four
dollars 50 cents per leg one boy says
about his little brother I was three
times older than my brother two years
ago I will be twice as old as my brother
in three years how old are the brothers
right now well 15 seconds be enough for
you to crack this math puzzle
[Music]
here's the right answer the older
brother is 17 and the younger is seven
two years ago they were 15 and five and
they will be twenty and ten in three
years from now here's an equation made
with the help of matches unfortunately
it's wrong can you make it true by
moving just one matchstick take your
time
if 15 seconds isn't enough you can pause
the video here we go
[Music]
you needed to turn the first plus sign
into a subtract sign by getting rid of
one matchstick voila
2 minus 2 plus 3 equals 3 you probably
know that ants move in groups in one
such group there were two ants in front
of - ants - ants behind - ants and two
ants next to two ants how many ants were
in the group here's a small hint you
probably won't need your calculator
even if it seems that there were lots of
ants in the group in reality there were
four they simply stood in a square
formation did you get it right then
right about your achievement in the
comments below Nick and Sam live in
different districts of a city but they
go to the same school Sam left home 15
minutes earlier the neck they met in the
park who was closer to school when they
met you have 15 seconds to figure it out
have you cracked the riddle right the
boys met in the same place this means
they are equally far from school there
are some flowers growing in a field with
some bees flying over them how many
flowers and bees are there if both of
the following statements are true if all
the bees land on all the flowers one bee
for one flower one bee won't get a
flower if every two bees decide to share
a flower one flower will be left without
a bee that's confusing do you think
you'll manage to find the answer in 15
seconds
if you've decided that there are four
B's and three flowers you're absolutely
right in this case hit the like button
let's see how many people nailed it when
several friends decided to play cards
they notice that a few cards had been
lost from a complete pack but they found
out that if they dealt the rest of the
cards among four people three cards
would remain if they dealt these cards
between three people two cards would
remain and if they distributed the cards
among five people again two cards would
remain how many cards were left in the
pack wow that's a task if you need some
extra time like I know I do
just pause the video and here's the
right answer there were 47 cards left in
the pack let's see if 47 is divided by
four three is left over and if 47 is
divided by either three or five two is
left over
two friends mark and Timothy were
walking home from the supermarket with
their purchases it was the last week
before Christmas so they had a lot of
backs mark kept complaining about how
heavy his bags were Timothy told him I
don't understand why you're nagging if
you gave me one of your bags I would
have twice as many bags as you if I gave
you one of my bags we'd have the same
number how many bags were the guys
carrying I hope your answer will be at
the ready when your time is over
[Music]
Timothy only had seven bags while Mark
was only carrying five bags did you like
the matchstick puzzle then you're in for
one more treat you can see four matches
on the screen move just one of these
matches to form a square you have 15
seconds to figure out how to do this if
you need more time perhaps to grab real
matchsticks in practice feel free to
pause the video
[Music]
are you ready then let's compare answers
you had to pay attention to the way the
matches were arranged and then think out
of the box if you move the top match up
just a little bit you'll get a square
though it's a really tiny one but there
wasn't anything about the size of the
square in the task right
[Music]
a criminal was kept in a tower that was
a hundred and fifty feet high from his
accomplice he got a pair of scissors and
a rope unfortunately the rope was just
75 feet long
despite this the next day the prison
authorities discovered that the criminal
had escaped it's known for sure that he
cut his rope in the middle how did the
criminal managed to escape take talk
you're 15 seconds have started use this
time well the criminal indeed cut the
rope in the middle
however he cut it not a cross but along
then he tied the two parts of the rope
together and safely got down to the
ground Brian and his new wife and
decided to go on a honeymoon to the
mountains Brian bought them round-trip
tickets and they set off on their
journey one day when the couple was
hiking they argued and accidentally lost
her footing and fell to her death
Brian returned home alone there he told
the police what had happened to his wife
after that the detective immediately
arrested him on suspicion of the murder
how so you have 15 seconds to crack this
puzzle
well don't you know that all accidents
have to be reported immediately to the
local police
Brian informed the police only after he
returned home a man was kidnapped and
held hostage he was trapped in a
basement until the kidnapper got the
ransom but even then the criminal was
unwilling to let the victim go despite
this he offered the man a chance to win
his freedom in the basement three doors
led outside behind the first door there
was a jungle with dangerous animals
lurking behind the trees behind the
second door there was a giant dinosaur
breathing fire and behind the third door
there was a lake with water so cold that
nobody could spend even a minute in it
which door should the man choose to
survive fifteen seconds to figure out
the answer
come on by now you should know these two
things first of all dinos didn't breathe
fire that's what dragons do secondly
dinosaurs died out many millions of
years ago so the man should choose door
number two tom was killed at 10:00 p.m.
on a Friday in the fall a police officer
questioned four suspects about what they
were doing at that time
and got the following answers Adam was
choosing his outfit for a date daniel
was getting ready for a party at his
place sophia was relaxing by doing yoga
before her night shift at work jake was
watching birds in the park after the
interview the main suspect was arrested
but who was it you have 15 seconds to
figure it out if you need more time
don't feel shy pause the video jake was
arrested it's too dark to see birds
outside at 10:00 p.m. in the fall when a
husband came home he knew it was late
his wife wasn't anywhere to be seen
the man undressed and went to bed but he
had difficulties falling asleep a car
passed by the window and its lights
illuminated the clock on the wall the
man saw that it was 11:15 p.m. then he
looked under the bed and found his wife
lying there dead why did the man decide
to sneak a peek under the bed will you
manage to understand his reasons in just
15 seconds
[Music]
when the light illuminated the clock the
man noticed that it had stopped but he
could still hear ticking it was the
watch on his wife's hand
just two days remained before the final
of the World Cup the goalkeeper of one
of the teams was found dead on the field
there were three suspects Michael Ethan
and John the police interviewed the
three of them and got the following
answers when the goalkeeper was killed
Michael was giving his autograph to some
pretty girls Ethan had sprained his
ankle and was getting a massage
John was taking a shower before the
training session who is the lying
murderer you have even less time than
the police to figure it out
the murderer is John it doesn't make any
sense to take a shower before a training
session on the outskirts of a town there
was a haunted house a group of friends
decided to check out if the house lived
up to its reputation they went there at
night but as soon as they reached their
destination
one of the friends refused to go inside
and he tried to stop the others but they
just laughed at him and went inside
leaving him behind there were terrible
crashing sounds from the house and then
everything went still the guy who stayed
outside never saw his friends again how
did the men understand that there was
something seriously wrong with the house
do you know the answer already or do you
need to mull it over in any case you
have 15 seconds to do so the guy who
stayed behind was very attentive he
noticed that there were lots of
footprints leading toward the house but
none going away one beautiful sunny
morning
a vampire woke up pretty early and went
to the bathroom to shake he was in the
middle of the process when he saw in the
mirror that he'd cut himself he had to
go and look for his first aid kit what's
wrong with this story um where shall we
start
vampires reflections don't show up in
mirrors a detective suspected a man of
being a gold smuggler so he organized an
ambush at the airport as soon as the man
got to customs he was stopped he had
only one suitcase what it was open the
authorities only found a few personal
belongings the detective had to let the
man go however as soon as the man took
his suitcase and headed for the exit the
detective realized that the man was
carrying gold can you figure it out as
quickly as the detective did
since they were just a few things in the
suitcase the man could carry with these
however he used both hands to deal with
his luggage this means that there was
gold hidden somewhere inside there are
three neighbors who live in houses that
are situated very close to each other
the police know for sure that one of the
neighbors committed a robbery
it happened half an hour ago but all the
men insist they were at home in the
robbery took place which of them is life
remember that you have just 15 seconds
to discover who the robber is the
countdown is starting now the robber is
the man who lives in the house on the
left as you can see the ground under the
green and purple cars is dry at the same
time there's a puddle under the red car
this means that its owner arrives home
fairly recently yesterday Nick fell from
a ladder that was 30 feet high but he
didn't get hurt how is this possible you
have ten seconds to find the answer was
the guy a gymnast or what
in fact anyone could stay unharmed even
you if like Nick you fell from the
bottom stair Brian gets trapped on an
uninhabited island ooh the place is
covered with forest once lightning sets
the forest on a terrible fire there's
also a strong wind blowing from the West
that makes the fire move fast destroying
everything on its way if nothing
intervenes the fire will burn all the
island and kill the man Brian can't find
shelter in water as the island is
surrounded by cliffs so jumping would
mean immediate death oh my
how can Brian survive without any means
such as buckets to put the fire out
that's a tricky life-or-death situation
ten seconds to help Brian to survive
Brian needs to light a piece of wood
using the fire on the west side of the
island then he has to run quickly to the
east side and start a new fire there
while the wind blows to the west it will
make the fire burn out the east end of
the island so Brian will survive staying
there the main challenge for him will be
not to inhale too much smoke and to find
something to eat after the fire take 9
from 16 10 from nine fifty from 40 and
you'll have six left well this makes no
sense unless 10 seconds to solve the
riddle
the answer will become obvious as soon
as you use Roman numerals si X minus 9i
x equals sex 9 IX minus 10 x equals I 40
XL minus 50 l equals x you put them
together SI X you get it which state is
the Bay of Bengal in employ all your
knowledge of geography and find the
answer ten nine eight
[Music]
well we've cheated you you don't need
any geography to answer this question
wherever it is the Bay of Bengal is in
its liquid state okay
what is the logic in the order of the
following words fun blue be more dive
pics barren date shrine of n oh that's a
question can you understand this twisted
logic
actually this not heart is all as soon
as you pronounce these words one by one
you'll immediately notice that every
word rhymes with a number that specifies
its numerical order fun one blue 2 B 3
and so on imagine that you get stuck in
a weird place
there's two doors leading out of this
place one door is the door of death the
other an ordinary one leading to freedom
this place is secured by two guards one
of them always tells the truth well the
other lies in 100% of the cases of
course and you don't know which one is
honest and which one tries to cheat you
all the time however you're allowed to
ask any of the guards just one question
to get out of there what would you ask
be careful your life depends on your
answer
ten seconds to figure it out so you
should ask the following question if I
ask your partner which door led to
freedom
what would he answer this is the only
correct question if you ask it to the
guard who always tells the truth he'll
tell you that the other guard will point
at the door leading to death if the
person you asked turns out to be the
lion guard it will direct you being the
liar that he is to the door of death as
well so whoever you ask you will know
that they will inform you about the door
of death just choose the other one and
run away two baby girls are born to one
mother in the same year and month on the
same day at the same time however they
are not twins how is it possible you
have ten seconds to solve this mystery
the answer is pretty simple these baby
girls are 2 of a triplet set and dead of
course just fainted somebody please get
him off the floor a donkey passes the
same distance every day but surprisingly
two of his legs travel 30 miles and the
other 231 miles the donkey is healthy
and perfectly fine how is such situation
possible obviously two legs of the
donkey can't get one mile ahead 10
seconds to find the solution the donkey
is tied to the post and moves in circles
around it that's why his outer legs
travel more than the inner ones can you
say 4 days starting with a letter T no
that can't be too hard at first sight
10 seconds to figure it out well the
first two are obvious Tuesday and
Thursday but don't forget about today
and tomorrow as well and then there's my
favorite Saturday there's three doors in
front of you you have to go through one
of them no cheating behind the first
door a fire is raging a gunman is
lurking behind the second one behind the
third one there's a lion that hasn't
eaten for 3 years
what door will you choose oh that's a
tough choice but you have the whole of
10 seconds to decide
and here's the trap lions can survive
for one or two weeks without food but
since it's been three years since the
animals last meal
it's probably long dead this way the
door with the lion behind it will be
probably the safest option a man lives
on the 17th floor
he only rides the elevator to his own
floor when it's raining outside
or when one of his neighbor's rides it
with him if the weather is sunny or he's
alone in the elevator
he only rides as far as the ninth floor
and goes the rest of the way up the
stairs why
[Music]
the answer is clear this man is very
short he can only reach button 17 in the
elevator with an umbrella or with the
help of a neighbor if it is raining at
12 a.m. could you expect sunny weather
in 72 hours
[Music]
curious to know the answer no you can't
expect sunny weather because it will be
night again in 72 hours and there can be
no Sun in the sky several people were
asked to jump over a pencil that was
placed on the floor but none of them can
do it why
[Music]
here is the answer the pencil was placed
next to a wall
how should you throw a tennis ball for
it to fly back to you
[Music]
have you figured out the answer it's
easy throw a tennis ball upwards you see
a girl sitting but you can't sit in her
place even if she stands up and leaves
where is she sitting
[Music]
she is sitting on your lap a man was
tossing and turning in bed and couldn't
fall asleep then he took his phone
dialed a number listened to a few long
tones but down the phone and finally
went to sleep why wasn't he able to do
that before
[Music]
here's the answer his next door neighbor
was snoring loudly but awoke to the ring
of his phone
a hotel has seven floors there are four
people on the ground floor and each
floor has two more people on it than the
previous one which floor calls the
elevator most often
[Music]
do you have any idea yet the ground
floor
in Africa Nike has encountered a problem
a lot of their sneakers were stolen from
the factory what did the company do to
prevent theft without spending money on
security nike built another factory and
then began manufacturing left and right
sneakers separately now try to figure
this one out
when do we look at the number two but
say ten the answer is obvious when we
look at an analogue watch George
Washington Sherlock Holmes William
Shakespeare Ludwig von Beethoven
Napoleon Bonaparte and Nero who is
significantly different from all the
rest
[Music]
of course it's Sherlock Holmes because
he is the only fictional character
little patience of a Children's Hospital
loved to play with adorable teddy bears
that the administration gave them these
kids like the toys so much that they
often took them home how did the
hospital administration resolve this
issue the solution was really thoughtful
all the bears were bandaged and the kids
were told that the toys should stay at
the hospital to get better at the dawn
of cinema one American movie theaters
profits began to go south the viewers
were annoyed with the ladies who didn't
take off their hats in the auditorium
blocking the view of the screen what was
the cheap and effective solution by the
theater administration
here is the answer they posted a notice
on the door of the theater saying we
kindly request that all ladies take off
their hats during the movie this does
not apply to old ladies there are two
books on the same shelf in a scientist
cabinet one book has 230 pages the other
one has 325 pages how many pages are
there between the first page of the
first book and the last page of the
second book any idea there are only the
covers of the two books between these
pages look carefully at this picture who
will be knocked off
[Music]
here is the answer D will be hit on the
head by the rolling ball C will be
smashed by the spikes when that same
ball rolls onto the swing and B will be
hit in turn by the counterweight ball
thrown up and forward by the swing take
a very close look at these two
photographs what is the mistake they
have in common if you still can't figure
it out
let's turn the photos upside down it
looks horrible right the eyes and lips
of both women are upside down but your
brain doesn't recognize that immediately
the thing is the brain is not used to
seeing eyes and lips in that position
there is another interesting experiment
some people can turn their tongues
upside down
good hit the like button if you are one
of them if you can do it and touch the
left side of your tongue it will sense
the touch from the opposite side because
evolution never taught the brain to read
the sensations on the tongue in that
position earth with how many holes does
this t-shirt half what mine oh oh the
one on the screen never mind
[Music]
the question doesn't specify which holes
exactly so the right answer is 8
they are the neckline two sleeves the
bottom of the t-shirt and four holes in
the middle two in the front and two in
the back because we can see the
background through them
how would you name this tree
[Music]
right the names that came to your mind
in the comments section below but the
actual challenge was to notice the
camouflage bird on the tree if you did
well done
can you manage this one in five seconds
I'll give you twenty seconds but try to
solve it as fast as possible the mistake
is not in the numbers or their colors
the mistake is that the word spot
appears twice your brain doesn't always
show you the reality it often shows what
it is used to
there are many short texts on the
internet that have repeating words that
most people don't notice until they
finish the text and read the description
if you have bad eyes you might have
noticed that things most often words you
couldn't see from a distance become
clearer when somebody tells you what's
written there it's not that your eyes
became better it's your brain completes
the picture do you see a hidden baby
that's not mine either
[Music]
if you follow the thin branches of the
tree you will see the outline of a baby
in the fetal position its feet and toes
are on the right side of the picture
arms are in the middle and head is on
the left one more thing
it's good that he doesn't have teeth
because his bark is better than his bite
[Music]
which line is longer of course line a is
longer that's so obvious right
well not for everybody or rather not
always there was a research on
conformity that looked like this
five people were asked which of two
lines was longer the answer was always
simple but four of the tested people
were asked to lie so technically there
was only one real subject the people
lied very convincingly so the subject
didn't want to stand out and gave the
wrong answer the same phenomenon can be
illustrated with jokes if you're in a
group of people and somebody tells a
joke that everybody finds funny you will
laugh too even if you don't get it or
don't think it's funny well maybe not
you but approximately 75 percent of
people do so of course everybody laughs
at my jokes right liars
can you spot mike wazowski
[Music]
there is green but still very different
two people are playing chess
they played five games but according to
the results each player scored three
wins how could this happen
[Music]
are you ready to find out the answer
well this one was pretty easy this could
happen only under one condition
they did not play against each other
life is like a box of chocolates no wait
that's a different story here we go this
one is from an American 12 year old
student math worksheet there are 50
chocolate candies in the box thirty of
them come with a caramel filling 25 with
coconut ten of them are two flavoured
candies with caramel and coconut and the
rest of them are just chocolate candies
with no filling
so which diagram reflects the box of
chocolates correctly
[Music]
the answer is diagram B it's just some
simple math how many caramel candies are
there in the box 30 minus 10 equals 20
and how many coconut candies are there
25 minus 10 equals 15 now you can find
out how many plain chocolate candies
were in the Box 50 minus 20 plus 15 plus
10 equals 5 okay just one more math task
here we go
a bottle of water and a bar of chocolate
cost $11 chocolate costs $10 more than
water
how much does water cost you're tapping
your pencil there aren't you yeah time's
up if you don't understand why we gave
you 20 seconds for this task when the
answer is obvious
think again here's another equation let
the bottle of water cost X dollars then
X plus X plus 10 equals 11 2x equals 1 X
10 equals 0.5
so one bottle of water costs fifty cents
and the chocolate is $10.50 all right
your task is to figure out what letter
in this row is missing and go this is a
row of letters that lists the first
letters of the days of the week from
Monday to Sunday so the missing letter
is T many people think there is some
kind of pattern but the last two letters
are the same so it confuses everyone
liked this video if you agree yeah as it
confuses me no this is not a religious
question how many holes does this
t-shirt half
the right answer is eight two holes for
the sleeve one for the neck and one more
for the body and four new holes the
thing is we can see the background
through the holes which mean there are
two more in the back on November 24th
1971 a man calling himself Dan Cooper
bought a plane ticket in Seattle shortly
after the 727 jet took off Cooper showed
the flight attendant his briefcase
claiming that there was a bomb inside
and that he was hijacking the plane
after that he demanded $200,000 and four
parachutes two primary ones and two
reserves when the plane landed in
Seattle the police had the parachutes
and money brought to the hijacker once
he got what he asked for he let the
passengers go and ordered the plane to
take off again a bit later while the
aircraft was in flight
Cooper parachuted out of it somewhere
over the forests of Washington State
this incident actually happened and to
this day people have no idea who this
man really was and what happened to him
after the hijacking so the question is
simple why did Cooper ask for two
primary parachutes and not just one you
have 15 seconds to figure it out you
think you know the answer it's actually
not that hard
according to US laws at that time
hijacking a plane was a crime punishable
by death dan Cooper knew that there was
a high probability that the police would
give him a faulty parachute he demanded
two primary ones so that the police
would think that he was going to take a
hostage with him and his plan worked of
course the police couldn't risk an
innocent persons life so they gave
Cooper two perfectly functioning
parachutes case closed
well not yet imagine that you're a
highly sought after expert in your field
and two amazing companies have offered
you a job sounds like a dream come true
doesn't it hmm not so fast
because now you have to make a choice
both companies are offering you a
starting wage of 180 thousand dollars a
year however if everything goes well the
first company is willing to give you a
$20,000 raise every year the second
company will give you a $5,000 raise
every six months which offer would you
choose you have 15 seconds to weigh your
options what do you think the first
company is obviously better right wrong
if you chose the second company Congrats
you definitely know how to rake in more
cash let's break it down and see what
you'd come out with after three years in
each company in the first company you'd
have $180,000 after the first year then
$200,000 in the second year and $220,000
in the third year adding it all together
makes $600,000 for three years now for
the second company for the first six
months you'll get $90,000 then you'll
get $95,000 for the second half of the
first year the first half of year two
will bring you 100
dollars and the second half $105,000
finally you'll get paid 110 thousand
dollars for the first half of the third
year and 115 thousand dollars for the
second half add it all together and
you've got six hundred fifteen thousand
dollars in this case your out-of-the-box
thinking has given you an extra fifteen
thousand dollars a year huh nice this
story happened a long long time ago
before we had modern conveniences like
electricity and gadgets a baker decided
to make a cake for his daughter's
birthday according to the recipe it
should stay in the oven for exactly 15
minutes but here's the catch the Baker's
old clock broke and he didn't have time
to find a new one his daughter would be
home in just a half an hour and he
wanted to surprise her with her lovely
homemade cake the only thing he had was
to hourglasses
one of which was for seven minutes and
the other was for 11 minutes the Baker
was a very smart man and still managed
to make one of the most delicious cakes
ever he even did it before his daughter
got home so how did he pull that off to
bake the perfect cake he turned both of
the hourglasses upside down when all the
sand from the top part of the 7-minute
glass had fallen through it was time to
put the cake in the oven after four
minutes when the sand from the top part
of the 11-minute glass had emptied out
as well the Baker simply turned that
glass upside down once again for another
11 minutes four minutes on the first
turning and eleven minutes on the second
make the 15 minutes he needed see easy
as pie
Oh I mean piece of
a thief decided to rob the local bank he
came up with a brilliant plan to dress
up as one of the bank tellers and try to
sneak into the vault as he was
approaching the vault he saw a security
guard standing right in front of the
door the robber hadn't anticipated this
so he hid and watched the guard
carefully when one of the actual bank
tellers walked up to the door the
security guard said 12:00 the worker
answered 6:00 and got in then another
teller came up to the vault when the
security guard said six the person
answered three and was granted access
oh I've totally got this thought the
thief and he nonchalantly walked up to
the security guard when the guard said
ten the robber confidently answered five
he was arrested immediately so why was
the thief's answer wrong and what should
he have answered instead your 15 seconds
start now any ideas the correct response
has to do with a number of the letters
in the word 12 has six letters so the
answer is six six in turn has three
letters so the answer is 3 as for 10
well you can see by now that the robber
should have said three looks like he
wasn't as brilliant as he thought but
once again crime doesn't pay
there once was a baron who had gone
broke and lost all his fortune the only
thing he had was his two daughters Elsa
and Gerda Elsa was drop-dead gorgeous
while Gerda was smart as a whip now
where did that expression come from
smart as a whip
normally whipping things or people is
bad and not all that smart however I
digress
back to the story the ruler of a nearby
kingdom fell in love with beautiful Elsa
and invited her to dinner in his palace
Elsa decided to bring her clever sister
along the ruler was old and ugly and he
knew that he had no chance of winning
else's heart he also knew that Gerda
really loved riddles and decided to risk
everything by striking a deal with his
sisters the agreement went like this
the old man would tie back each of the
sisters hair with either a red or gold
ribbon they could both get matching
ribbons or different ones the girls
couldn't give any signals hints or
phrases to help the other guess the
color of their ribbon they would dine in
silence in a room with no mirrors after
dinner was over he would ask each of the
sisters what color ribbon was in her
hair if they both guessed correctly
they'd go home with all the gold and
jewels they could carry if one of them
guessed correctly the ruler would give
the winning sister a pearl necklace and
finally if neither of them guessed
correctly he would marry Elsa wow this
is so like let's make a deal
Gerda talked it over with her sister and
they both agreed to play needless to say
Elsa was saved from such an unpleasant
marriage but how did Goethe find a way
to win now it's your turn to do the
guessing you've got 15 seconds
[Music]
this one is still a mystery to us did
you manage to crack it then please leave
your answer in the comments below maybe
together we can finally figure out
exactly how goethe outsmarted the old
boy your task is the following empty one
jar of milk and one jar of water into a
ball oh wait you couldn't think this
would be that simple
there are several conditions you must be
able to differentiate between the milk
and the water you can separate the milk
from the water
and finally you aren't allowed to use
any kinds of dividers to keep these two
liquids apart wow that's a task even
Cinderella didn't have to deal with will
you be able to figure out how to
separate the inseparable 20 seconds for
you to do this
[Music]
in fact all you need to do is the pour
the water into the ball first and freeze
it then after that just add the milk and
then you have milk on the rocks there's
a magician famous for the tricks he
performs one of such tricks is staying
under the water for 10 minutes however
one day John smart challenges the
magician saying that he will stay under
the water for two minutes longer to say
that the magician is surprised to say
nothing he accepts the bet and promises
John to give him $5,000 if he does beat
the record
all in all John wins and gets his money
how does he manage to do this do you
think that John could be practicing not
to breathe underwater since childhood or
perhaps he's an amphibian what's your
idea you have 20 seconds to make up your
mind
[Music]
well to tell you the truth John was
cheating just a bit
he took a glass filled it with water and
held it over his head for 12 minutes yep
always read the fine print on the
contracts you Sai Sam Princeton is so
unhappy with his life so frustrated with
his boss picking at him and so angry
with himself for being too weak to leave
his job and start a new life that he
shoots himself right between his eyes in
the bathroom the bullets are real the
revolver is real as well however in just
a second Sam goes out of the bathroom
alive and unharmed how is it possible
hmm that's not a piece of cake or
perhaps you've already figured it out if
not you still have 20 seconds to use
the thing is that Sam didn't shoot at
his real self he shot his reflection in
the mirror in the city where people are
keen on brain teasers and riddles 4% of
people don't list their phone numbers so
if we select 40 random people from the
phone directory how many of them will
have unlisted numbers oops
seems you'll have to apply some
knowledge of mathematics here 20 seconds
to refresh everything you've ever
learned the answer may make you
indignant you've opened your math school
books after all but it's zero percent if
the numbers of these 40 people are in
the phone directory
they are already listed by default you
have 7 guests at your birthday party and
you've got to figure out how to cut your
round birthday cake only 3 times to make
8 equal sized slices 7 for your guests
and 1 for you of course
times a-tickin and your guests are
waiting for their cake so get going
answer well first off you have to cut
vertically right down the middle of the
cake to make two equal pieces do the
same thing but this time horizontally to
make four slices your third and final
cut should be laterally across the cake
which will quickly turn your four slices
into eight so how'd you do on this one
and no worries he still got tons more a
blind man had been dreaming of being
able to see again for many years this
had been his biggest wish after some
time his doctor confirmed that he could
have an operation that would solve his
problem the man couldn't be happier the
surgery went well and the man took the
train to go home
the doctor allowed him to take his
bandages off three hours after the
operation so the man was so impatient
that he did this while still on the
train but as soon as he finished he
committed a suicide jumping off the
train his operation was successful so
why did he do this 20 seconds for you to
solve this mystery
[Music]
why could a man whose dream has come
true kill himself in fact it was a
tragic coincidence when the man opened
his bandages the train was going through
a dark tunnel that's why the man thought
he was still blind and killed himself
your friend asks you for a favor and
gives you five dollars asking you to buy
something to eat something to drink
something to feed his cow with and
something to plant in his garden at the
same time you're allowed to buy just one
thing what are you going to buy to eat
to drink to feed the cow and to plant
Wow doesn't your friend think that's a
little bit too much do you know the
solution to his riddle if not yet you
still have 20 seconds
[Music]
you can go and buy a watermelon you can
eat it for choices like what kind of
coffee to get can make or ruin just one
day of our lives
others like which door to choose to
escape from danger are a little bit more
life-changing so here's a riddle about
one of the latter one morning Little Mix
trapped in a castle in Costa Rica there
were four doors but only one led to
freedom the doors opened up to the
following one lava that would
immediately melt anyone to a killer
clown that would beat any person to
death this guy looks like he just broke
free from the set of it
yikes three a deadly frost that would
freeze her at once a door to Siberia
perhaps four cops that would immediately
shoot any man or woman indiscriminately
which door should she choose all right
we'll give you ten seconds to think it
over
you better give it all you got Mary's
life depends on it you know
here comes the answer Mary should pick
door number four while shooting cops
don't sound like much fun pay attention
to the wording of this option the cops
would shoot any man or woman but Mary
isn't an adult the eiffel tower millions
of tourists from all over the world
dream of visiting the Eiffel Tower
taking pictures in front of it giving
them hashtags hashtag Paris hashtag
travel and even getting well-deserved
likes Kati Mamba song would never have
taken a selfie with that construction in
the back
even if selfies had been a thing in his
lifetime why because he hated the Eiffel
Tower every day he had lunch in the one
place where it couldn't be seen what was
that place use all your knowledge of the
French capital to name that secret
location
[Music]
time's up are you ready the answer is
pure genius he ate in the restaurant
located at the base of the tower he
couldn't see the tower from there get it
yeah a murder in the Sun it's getting
hot in here four friends regularly
visited the sauna together they always
brought something with them Jack a
musician took an iPod with him to listen
to music Steve a banker took a thermos
to drink from Patrick and Michael were
lawyers and took documents to read one
day
Patrick was found dead he was killed by
a sharp object the police came
immediately and conducted an
investigation they found nothing can you
give the police a helping hand or rather
your sharp mind and explain how this
could have happened you've got ten
seconds for the task
[Music]
Patrick was killed by Steve who brought
an ice shard in his thermos the murder
weapon had melted by the time the cops
arrived how clever and cruel of him an
angry wife Pete called his wife and said
he'd be home at 8:00 he arrived at 8:05
they had no special plans but his wife
was still angry that he was late you
better not mess with an angry wife you
know can you guess why she was so mad
[Music]
time's up the answer is pretty simple
there are two eight o'clock Sevareid a
peach should have returned at 8 p.m. but
he came home at 8:05 a.m. the next day
no wonder she got so mad a fly in the
coffee
Brenden sat in the coffee shop and found
a fly in his drink Oh disgusting
he asked the waitress to bring him
another coffee after receiving the new
cup and taking a sip he became angry
Brendan realized that it was the same
cup of coffee that he had had in the
first place how did he know that it was
the same cup of coffee
maybe he was a coffee expert able to
identify even the slightest difference
in taste
well in fact it doesn't take a coffee
expert to get this one right
the second coffee was already sweetened
Brendon had put sugar in his first cup
before finding the fly number six a
broken statuette John was alone at home
and heard something fall in his wife's
room he entered and saw that her
favorite statuette was broken at that
moment someone ran out of the room John
tried to catch up with a stranger went
outside the lenses on his glasses fogged
up because of the cold weather he could
see nothing giving the stranger the
opportunity to disappear John told this
story to a policeman but he refused to
investigate the case the cop asked him
to stop lying and admit that he had
broken the statue was John's story
actually fake or was the policeman too
lazy to start a proper investigation
we'll give you ten seconds to figure it
out
[Music]
the truth is that John story was fake
after all John ran out into the street
while chasing a stranger but eyeglass
lenses don't fog up when a person comes
out of a warm room and into the cold he
was just afraid to confess to his wife
that he had broken her favourite
statuette let's move on to more serious
stuff you've got a murder to investigate
mr. James is dead mr. James was found
dead in his room the room had no window
and the door was locked
the only for people who had a key to the
room were questioned Sofia the maid said
I came to wake up mr. James when I saw
him dead I screamed John the butler
claimed that when I heard the scream I
ran into the room turned on the light
and saw mr. James with a knife in his
neck Sara the governess told us the
following I rushed up alongside John
when he turned on the light the room was
all bloody finally Jack the cook
reassured us that I was prepping
breakfast and didn't see anything so it
looks like all the suspects have an
alibi or do that can you guess who
killed mr. James we'll give you 10
seconds as per usual
[Music]
it was Sophia if the room was dark she
couldn't have seen mr. James lying there
unless she already knew it
a familiar stranger Stan met a stranger
he'd never seen before Stan had heard
about him but no descriptions of his
appearance were ever mentioned he wasn't
famous nevertheless Stan understood
immediately who the guy was hmm how is
this possible you've got 10 seconds to
unveil the mystery well some people just
look more alike than others
the guy Stan met was the twin brother of
one of his friends a closed car a man
was shot in a car there were no traces
of gunpowder on his clothes that meant
that the murderer wasn't inside the car
when he shot him there were no bullet
holes in the car in addition all of the
doors and windows were closed how could
they have killed him
we give you 10 seconds to find the
answer
so did you manage to crack this riddle
the man was in a convertible
the murderer shot him and then closed
the roof
four men can build four tables in four
hours in this case how many tables will
eight men build in eight hours remember
that you have just 15 seconds to figure
out the answer the countdown has started
[Music]
was it your first instinct to say eight
tables because that's immediately what
came to my mind but in fact the correct
answer is sixteen tables it makes sense
because eight men worked for twice as
long as four men a duck got nine dollars
a spider received 36 dollars a bee was
given 27 dollars based on this
information
how much money will a cat get remember
that you have 15 seconds to find the
answer you might need your calculator
[Music]
have you cracked the puzzle hopefully
your knowledge of biology helped you out
the cat will get $18 because it has four
legs each animal receives four dollars
fifty cents per leg one boy says about
his little brother I was three times
older than my brother two years ago I
will be twice as old as my brother in
three years how old are the brothers
right now
well 15 seconds be enough for you to
crack this math puzzle
[Music]
here's the right answer the older
brother is 17 and the younger is seven
two years ago they were 15 and five and
they will be twenty and ten in three
years from now here's an equation made
with the help of matches unfortunately
it's wrong can you make it true by
moving just one matchstick take your
time if 15 seconds isn't enough you can
pause the video here we go
[Music]
you needed to turn the first plus sign
into a subtract sign by getting rid of
one matchstick voila 2 minus 2 plus 3
equals 3 you probably know that ants
move in groups in one such group there
were two ants in front of - ants - ants
behind - ants and two ants next to two
ants how many ants were in the group
here's a small hint you probably won't
need your calculator
even if it seems that there were lots of
ants in the group in reality there were
four they simply stood in a square
formation did you get it right then
right about your achievement in the
comments below
Nick and Sam live in different districts
of a city but they go to the same school
Sam left home 15 minutes earlier the
neck they met in the park who was closer
to school when they met you have 15
seconds to figure it out have you
cracked the riddle right
the boys met in the same place this
means they are equally far from school
there are some flowers growing in a
field with some bees flying over them
how many flowers and bees are there if
both of the following statements are
true if all the bees land on all the
flowers one bee for one flower one bee
won't get a flower if every two bees
decide to share a flower one flower will
be left without a bee that's confusing
do you think you'll manage to find the
answer in 15 seconds
[Music]
if you've decided that there are four
B's and three flowers you're absolutely
right in this case hit the like button
let's see how many people nailed it when
several friends decided to play cards
they notice that a few cards had been
lost from a complete pack but they found
out that if they dealt the rest of the
cards among four people three cards
would remain if they dealt these cards
between three people two cards would
remain and if they distributed the cards
among five people again two cards would
remain how many cards were left in the
pack Wow
that's a task if you need some extra
time like I know I do
just pause the video and here's the
right answer there were 47 cards left in
the pack let's see if 47 is divided by 4
3 is left over and if 47 is divided by
either 3 or 5/2 is left